dealer takes all
Pepai Blooming
What is Skyfire?
Junior sister, I'm afraid your hands are open, right?
Yes!
Junior sister has not seen this good card world in years
Where did you learn this?
When I was in the Movie Star Pavilion before?
Learned from a group of elders
Those elders are amazing
It is estimated that the secrets are more powerful than the other
Even the cards are counted clearly
Can't beat it at all
It turns out that immortals also play mahjong
Of course.
Come on. Come on.
Come again, it's not that I can't beat you
Your Highness, the killer we sent was killed by Qi Sining
go to waste
The little one also heard
Our lord meets beautiful women in engineering school
Enter the English army
Secondly, you are injured
If they are in a hurry, they will follow
Now is the time when their defense is weakest
It seems that this time only I will go out in person
senior brother
One more game
The general and the emperor have decrees
To celebrate the return of the Dragon Lady
There is a banquet at the palace today
Please be sure to attend